feat(ProjectService): ban `/` in user-provided part names (#1067)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

    For a complete list of commits, check out the `1.2.3`_ release on GitHub.

6.4.0 (unreleased)
------------------

Services
========

> - The Project service prohibits user-provided parts that contain a ``/`` character

Reviewer: > user-provided

Why not "user"?

Author: I don't understand the question.

Reviewer: "user-provided" sounds a bit odd here because users are developers/crafters, not providers. I think "user-created" or simply "user" would be better.

Author: What I'm trying to distinguish is from parts that are added by the application. Something in the actual `craft.yaml` file is disallowed, but e.g. snapcraft can still add a `snapcraft/whatever` part.

Reviewer: Certainly, but I don't know if "provided" is the right verb. It seems an odd choice when we are so hands-on and intimate with how we normally describe the user's work. _Provider_ makes me think of a service or vendor.

Could we instead say:

```suggestion
- The Project service prohibits user-written parts from including forward slashes (/) in future base names
```

Alternatively:

```suggestion
- In a user-written part, upcoming base names can no longer contain forward slashes (/).
```

> - The Project service prohibits user-provided parts that contain a ``/`` character

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
- The Project service prohibits user-provided part names that contain a ``/`` character
```

Author: Workshopped with Michael

>   for future bases. This does not apply to current stable bases.

Reviewer: > future bases

> current stable bases

Let's be more specific. This won't have meaning in a few months.
